my name is Gemma local boys I'm former
graduate I'm a graduate of the AC system
in Jesus walk enemy Marikina City I
graduated in 2009 nice after after high
school I I studied at the University of
Santo Tomas Celestia espana Manila
bachelor's degree of secondary education
secondary education majoring in social
studies I just graduated last March and
now I'm working again at an AC school at
my former school academy and I'm right
now a grade 7 teacher for me the ACS
system as an individualized educational
system is very very helpful for first
students and because from what I've
experienced in my main high school days
I have learned so much from from the
basic things in in the AC system but one
one one important thing that I really
learned is the art of goal-setting and I
think that goal-setting is very
important for a student and not only for
a student but also as a person when if
even when you're working already
and I've learned that even when I went
through my my college studies I have
brought that goal-setting technique to
with me as I as I went to college
because it really helped me and maybe
one thing that is really important for a
AC graduate that he can bring in
colleges the Christian values that he
learns in in the AC system because in
every pace in every every day of your
life in the AC
you are infused with biblical principles
and biblical teachings not only in the
chapel ours but also and most especially
in the paces and I really believe that
the Atheist system is something that
people should really look out for and
really pursue more in the educational
system